First of all let's talk about that type of learning.
So there are three main types of learning such as supervised learning unsupervised learning and reinforcement
learning.
Supervised learning is what we have been discussing in the previous series.
So we have a data set and we have samples and labels accordingly.
Such as for the X or logical problem we have two features X and Y.
And we have the labels accordingly.
If x is 0 and 1 0 x x or y is going to be 0.
So these are the labels in the last column.
Most of them machine learning techniques rely heavily on data sads by the way and most of the approaches
are supervised learning approach such as support vector machines or native based classifier or feedforward
and our own networks.
We need a dataset with samples and labels.
And during the training procedure the algorithm makes sure that the production of the network is approximately
the same as the labels in the data set.
OK so this is a supervised learning that for example we have two features and we know the labels.
We know that the given dots are belong to the yellow class and other points are belong to the green
class.
So we give the algorithm the right answer and during the training procedure the algorithm finds out
what is the difference between the two classes.
And for example with the help of supporting actor machines we are able to end up with a hyperplane like
this that's going to separate the yellow class and the green class if we have a new sample we are able
to classify it based on this hyperplane.
If the given sample is above the hyperplane it belongs to the green.
If the new sample is under the hyperplane it means that it belongs to the yellow class.
So we have the samples and the labels.
What about on a supervised learning.
We have a data set but samples without labels and the algorithm will find some patterns in the label
dataset with the help of clustering algorithms for example Kamins clustering or hierarchical clustering.
We are able to come to the conclusion that there are three classes the Blue Claws the green claws and
the yellow claws.
So again we have a data set but without any labels this is scored on a supervised learning and we have
reinforcement learning where we do not have a data set at all.
So this is the main difference between supervised unsupervised and reinforcement learning that for reinforcement
learning we don't have a data set at all.
The artificial intelligence agent who will interact with the environment and he figures out what to
do.
So there are states basically the states represent the environment and there are some actions.
So the agent will make an action at random.
This is how we interact with the environment.
And basically with the help of this action the agent goes to another state and that state can be good
or bad.
And that's why there's going to be some reward or some penalty if the agent made a good decision.
There's going to be some reward if the agent made a bad decision then there's going to be a penalty.
For example when we try to find the shortest path with the help of an artificial intelligent agent there
are going to be states.
These are the sounds on the grid and there are actions.
The agent is able to go up.
It is able to go down.
It is able to go left and it is able to go right.
So we have sounds and we have actions the last chapter is about how to deal with a tic tac toe game.
We will come to the conclusion that a reinforced learning algorithm can be used to learn playing tic
tac toe games.
There is the environment represented by sounds on the board the agent which is the computer player makes
a move according to the border states.
These moves are the actions.
This is what we have been discussing that basically the agent is going to make actions.
And with the help of these actions the agent will go to different states.
This is how the agent is able to interact with the environment as far as tic tac toe is concerned.
A move is when we put X or all to a given cell and eventually the game will end and the agent will give
a reward if it wins or receive a penalty if it loses.
Basically this is the training procedure.
If the agent wins it means that we reward the agent.
So the algorithm will know that it made a good decision.
So the computer initially plays quite poorly but after the training procedure.
So playing lots of lots of tic tac toe game it will be able to choose the right actions and moves we
are going to talk a lot about reinforcement learning.
And in the last chapter we are going to implement a reinforcement learning tic tac toe game player from
scratch.
So it's going to be clear.
Thanks for watching.